Added AH-64D Apache Longbow by Nodunit and Franze to the vehicles list, is not required to play. If you fly the Longbow be sure to use the regular key for switching weapons (usually F) instead of the custom WAS control. The problem was after using vehicle refit the WAS would no longer cycle through the weapons properly. Game saving was working pretty good in single player however the Longbow is in a early state for Arma 3 so you might get a bug where you can't start the IHADSS after you're wrecked the chopper and bought a new one.

Disabled AIS Injury to prevent a bug, when the Longbow got shot down the player and the gunner would be ejected from the chopper and the gunner (probably any squad units) would get removed from your squad, you could no longer add units to your squad and even after reloading a previous save the problem would persist. I don't know if it's a problem with any aircraft and AIS Injury or just the Longbow. If you want AIS Injury just open description.sqf and remove the "//" comment marks from the 2 lines with AIS Injury.

Reworked AP and Warcom. I made the AP more of a consistent scale: 0, 25, 50, 75, 100, 150, 200, 250, 300. I also adjusted the AP requirements for when attack and patrol waves get sent. Now an attack wave will come 10 points before one of the AP settings and a patrol wave will come 10 points after one of the AP settings (also at 0). So when you get to 15 AP there should be an attack wave and when you get to 35 there should be a patrol wave and so forth. I also added additional unit types to the higher AP settings. When you hit 190 AP you'll be met with Mechanized AA Infantry, 240 AP sends Tank Section, 290 AP brings you an AA Tank Platoon. Same for BLUFOR counterparts.

Lowered times between attack waves. Basically wherever I saw a 900 I made it 600. This gets you attack waves about every 10 - 20 mins instead of 15 -30.

Lowered time for CP gain. Now you get CP every 20 mins. Added CP multipliers 3x and 4x.

Tweaked the view for the SATCOM, hid lines, got rid of the colors, increased the mousewheel zooming speed, adjusted the text boxes (for me they were off). Wanted to make all the text white but couldn't seem to change it so off-white will have to do.

Adjusted the order of actionmenu items, got rid of most colors.

Increased the distance which you can place a FOB from the center of the zone to 350m, up from 250m. So you have more available placement area for finding a good defensive location. Note: I'm not sure what would happen if you placed the FOB ouside a 250m zone but probably nothing or it just wouldn't allow you.

Removed the lighting from fortified FOBs because I didn't like my base being lit up at night.

Changed the layout of the Main base request dialog, now you can see all the support unlocks without scrolling in a tiny window. Note: the request menus are stacked vertically, sometimes this can lead to misclick until you get used to it. If it's a big problem I might revert and readjust it again later.

Tweaked some default start settings.

Other small changes.

Issues:

Had to remove the Field Comm ability from the action menu as it's behavior was bugged. Every time I exited inventory or threw an object or did other stuff then "Squad Manager" would pop up center of screen every time and I'd have to scroll the action menu and then right click to get rid of it (or mouse over another object) Simple solution to this is to move the Field Comm squad manager to the Abilities menu. This is also good because it gets the item off the action menu and I don't seem to use it that much anyway. But I would like to keep the ability, if it was on the abilities menu you simply press 0-0-6 or whatever and it triggers the squad manager script, easy, if anyone can help with this please let me know.

SATCOM satellite view is not aligned to north making it less useful than it could be. I really really want the top of the screen aligned to north, I mean it should be simple just rotate that there camera view until it's pointing north. Also when viewing the satellite you hear sound from the position of the camera, you should only be hearing sound from the position of your player. Finally I would like the SATCOM to only activate once after selecting it on the action menu. As it is now after you activate it every time you click the map it takes you to satellite view even if you're away from base (I think until you activate a new ability), this also make interacting with units on the map difficult. So either activating SATCOM should get you 1 use each time OR there is a timer after exiting satellite view of 5 seconds during which you can choose a new coordinate, after 5 seconds SATCOM will deactivate and you will have to reactivate on the action menu.

These are the main issues I have, I'd like to have a well polished DUWS so if you can help with these let me know. I got other crazy ideas too so if you're good at scripting maybe we can meld our brains together to form a supercomputing intelligence to craft the most ultimate version of DUWS on the planet. Let me know if you find any issues with this version or anything I've overlooked, thanks.
